aberation           -> aberration
abilityes           -> abilities
abilties            -> abilities
abilty              -> ability
abondon             -> abandon
abbout              -> about
abotu               -> about
abouta              -> about a
aboutit             -> about it
aboutthe            -> about the
abscence            -> absence
aborigene           -> aborigine
accesories          -> accessories
accidant            -> accident
abreviate           -> abbreviate
abritrary           -> arbitrary
absail              -> abseil
absense             -> absence
absolutly           -> absolutely
absorbsion          -> absorption
absorbtion          -> absorption
abudance            -> abundance
abundacies          -> abundances
abundancies         -> abundances
abundunt            -> abundant
abutts              -> abuts
acadamy             -> academy
acadmic             -> academic
accademic           -> academic
accademy            -> academy
acccused            -> accused
accelleration       -> acceleration
accension           -> ascension
acceptence          -> acceptance
acceptible          -> acceptable
accessable          -> accessible
acident             -> accident
accidentaly         -> accidentally
accidently          -> accidentally
acclimitization     -> acclimatization
accomadate          -> accommodate
accomadating        -> accommodating
accomadations       -> accommodations
accomdate           -> accommodate
accomodate          -> accommodate
accomodating        -> accommodating
accompanyed         -> accompanied
accordeon           -> accordion
accordian           -> accordion
accoring            -> according
accoustic           -> acoustic
accquainted         -> acquainted
accrediation        -> accreditation
accredidation       -> accreditation
accross             -> across
accussed            -> accused
acedemic            -> academic
:acheiv:            -> achieve
acheive             -> achieve
acheiving           -> achieving
acheivment          -> achievement
achievment          -> achievement
achive              -> achieve
acknowldeged        -> acknowledged
acknowledgeing      -> acknowledging
ackward             -> backward
acommodate          -> accommodate
acomplish           -> accomplish
acording            -> according
acquaintence        -> acquaintance
acquiantence        -> acquaintance
acquited            -> acquitted
activites           -> activities
activly             -> actively
actualy:            -> actually
acuracy             -> accuracy
acused              -> accused
acustommed          -> accustomed
adavanced           -> advanced
adbandon            -> abandon
addional            -> additional
additionaly         -> additionally
additonal           -> additional
addmission          -> admission
addopt              -> adopt
addtion             -> addition
adecuate            -> adequate
adequit             -> adequate
adhearing           -> adhering
adherance           -> adherence
admendment          -> amendment
admininistrative    -> administrative
adminstered         -> administered
adminstrate         -> administrate
adminstration       -> administration
adminstrative       -> administrative
adminstrator        -> administrator
admissability       -> admissibility
admissable          -> admissible
admited             -> admitted
adolecent           -> adolescent
adquire             -> acquire
adquiring           -> acquiring
adres               -> address
adventrous          -> adventurous
advertisment        -> advertisement
advesary            -> adversary
adviced             -> advised
aeriel              -> aerial
afair               -> affair
afficionado         -> aficionado
affilate            -> affiliate
affilliate          -> affiliate
affort              -> afford
aforememtioned      -> aforementioned
againnst            -> against
agaisnt             -> against
:aganist            -> against
aggaravates         -> aggravates
aggreed             -> agreed
aggreement          -> agreement
aggregious          -> egregious
aggregrator         -> aggregator
aggresive           -> aggressive
:agian              -> again
agina               -> again
aginst              -> against
agravate            -> aggravate
:agred              -> agreed
agreeement          -> agreement
agreemnt            -> agreement
agregate            -> aggregate
agreing             -> agreeing
agression           -> aggression
agressive           -> aggressive
agressor            -> aggressor
agricultue          -> agriculture
agriculure          -> agriculture
agricuture          -> agriculture
agrieved            -> aggrieved
ahppen              -> happen
aicraft             -> aircraft
aiport              -> airport
airbourne           -> airborne
aircaft             -> aircraft
aircrafts           -> aircraft
airporta            -> airports
airrcraft           -> aircraft
aisian              -> asian
:ajust              -> adjust
albiet              -> albeit
alchohol            -> alcohol
alchol              -> alcohol
alcohal             -> alcohol
alcoholical         -> alcoholic
aledge              -> allege
:alege              -> allege
alegience           -> allegiance
algebraical         -> algebraic
algorhitms          -> algorithms
algoritm            -> algorithm
alientating         -> alienating
alledge             -> allege
allegedely          -> allegedly
allegedy            -> allegedly
allegely            -> allegedly
allegence           -> allegiance
allegience          -> allegiance
allign              -> align
alliviate           -> alleviate
allopone            -> allophone
allready            -> already
allthough           -> although
alltogether         -> altogether
almsot              -> almost
alochol             -> alcohol
alomst              -> almost
alowed              -> allowed
alowing             -> allowing
alreayd             -> already
alsot               -> also
alternitives        -> alternatives
althought           -> although
altough             -> although
alusion             -> allusion
alwasy              -> always
alwyas              -> always
amalgomated         -> amalgamated
amatuer             -> amateur
amature             -> amateur
amendmant           -> amendment
amerliorate         -> ameliorate
amking              -> making
ammend              -> amend
ammount             -> amount
ammused             -> amused
amoung              -> among
amung               -> among
amunition           -> ammunition
analagous           -> analogous
analitic            -> analytic
analogeous          -> analogous
anarchim            -> anarchism
anarchistm          -> anarchism
ancestory           -> ancestry
ancilliary          -> ancillary
androgenous         -> androgynous
androgeny           -> androgyny
:andteh             -> and the
:andthe             -> and the
anihilation         -> annihilation
aniversary          -> anniversary
annoint             -> anoint
annouced            -> announced
annualy             -> annually
annuled             -> annulled
anomolies           -> anomalies
anomolous           -> anomalous
anomoly             -> anomaly
anonimity           -> anonymity
anounced            -> announced
anouncement         -> announcement
ansalisation        -> nasalisation
ansalization        -> nasalization
ansestors           -> ancestors
antartic            -> antarctic
anthropolgist       -> anthropologist
anthropolgy         -> anthropology
:anual              -> annual
anulled             -> annulled
anwsered            -> answered
anyhwere            -> anywhere
anyother            -> any other
anytying            -> anything
aparent             -> apparent
aparrent            -> apparent
apparrent           -> apparent
apparant            -> apparent
aparment            -> apartment
aplication          -> application
aplied              -> applied
appart              -> apart
appealling          -> appealing
appeareance         -> appearance
appearence          -> appearance
appenines           -> apennines
apperance           -> appearance
appereance          -> appearance
applicaiton         -> application
appologies          -> apologies
appology            -> apology
apprearance         -> appearance
apprieciate         -> appreciate
approachs           -> approaches
appropiate          -> appropriate
appropraite         -> appropriate
appropropiate       -> appropriate
approproximate      -> approximate
approxamately       -> approximately
approxiately        -> approximately
approximitely       -> approximately
aprehensive         -> apprehensive
apropriate          -> appropriate
aproval             -> approval
aproximate          -> approximate
aquaduct            -> aqueduct
aquaintance         -> acquaintance
aquainted           -> acquainted
aquiantance         -> acquaintance
aquire              -> acquire
aquiring            -> acquiring
aquisition          -> acquisition
aquitted            -> acquitted
aranged             -> arranged
arangement          -> arrangement
arbitarily          -> arbitrarily
arbitary            -> arbitrary
archaelogical       -> archaeological
archaelogists       -> archaeologists
archaelogy          -> archaeology
archaoelogy         -> archaeology
archaology          -> archaeology
archeaologist       -> archaeologist
archetect           -> architect
archiac             -> archaic
archictect          -> architect
architecht          -> architect
architectual        -> architectural
archtype            -> archetype
aready              -> already
areodynamics        -> aerodynamics
argubly             -> arguably
arguement           -> argument
arised              -> arose
arival              -> arrival
armamant            -> armament
armistace           -> armistice
arogant             -> arrogant
arogent             -> arrogant
aroud               -> around
arrangment          -> arrangement
arrengement         -> arrangement
arround             -> around
artcile             -> article
artical             -> article
articel             -> article
artifical           -> artificial
artillary           -> artillery
arund               -> around
asetic              -> ascetic
:asfar:             -> as far
:asign              -> assign
:aslo:              -> also
asociated           -> associated
asorbed             -> absorbed
asphyxation         -> asphyxiation
assasin             -> assassin
assassintation      -> assassination
assemple            -> assemble
assertation         -> assertion
asside              -> aside
assisnate           -> assassinate
assocation          -> association
assoicate           -> associate
assosication        -> assassination
asssassans          -> assassins
assualt             -> assault
asteriod            -> asteroid
asthe:              -> as the
asthetic            -> aesthetic
aswell              -> as well
atempting           -> attempting
atheistical         -> atheistic
athenean            -> athenian
athiesm             -> atheism
athiest             -> atheist
atorney             -> attorney
atribute            -> attribute
attaindre           -> attained
attemp:             -> attempt
attemt:             -> attempt
attendence          -> attendance
attendent           -> attendant
attened             -> attended
attension           -> attention
:atthe              -> at the
attitide            -> attitude
attributred         -> attributed
attrocities         -> atrocities
audeince            -> audience
auromated           -> automated
austrailia          -> Australia
auther              -> author
authobiographic     -> autobiographic
authobiography      -> autobiography
authorative         -> authoritative
authorites          -> authorities
authorithy          -> authority
authoritiers        -> authorities
authoritive         -> authoritative
authrorities        -> authorities
autochtonous        -> autochthonous
autoctonous         -> autochthonous
automaticly         -> automatically
automibile          -> automobile
automonomous        -> autonomous
autor               -> author
auxilary            -> auxiliary
auxillaries         -> auxiliaries
auxillary           -> auxiliary
auxilliaries        -> auxiliaries
auxilliary          -> auxiliary
availabe            -> available
availablity         -> availability
availaible          -> available
availble            -> available
availiable          -> available
availible           -> available
avalable            -> available
avalance            -> avalanche
avaliable           -> available
avation             -> aviation
averageed           -> averaged
avilable            -> available
awared              -> awarded
bacame              -> became
baceause            -> because
backgorund          -> background
backrounds          -> backgrounds
banannas            -> bananas
bandwith            -> bandwidth
bankrupcy           -> bankruptcy
banruptcy           -> bankruptcy
baout               -> about
basicaly            -> basically
basicly             -> basically
beachead            -> beachhead
beacuse             -> because
beastiality         -> bestiality
beatiful            -> beautiful
beaurocracy         -> bureaucracy
beaurocratic        -> bureaucratic
beautyfull          -> beautiful
becamae             -> became
becames             -> became
becasue             -> because
beccause            -> because
becomeing           -> becoming
becouse             -> because
becuase             -> because
bedore              -> before
beeing              -> being
befoer              -> before
begginer            -> beginner
beggining           -> beginning
beggins             -> begins
begining            -> beginning
beginnig            -> beginning
behavour            -> behaviour
beleagured          -> beleaguered
beleif              -> belief
beleive             -> believe
beleiving           -> believing
beligum             -> belgium
belive              -> believe
belligerant         -> belligerent
bellweather         -> bellwether
bemusemnt           -> bemusement
beneficary          -> beneficiary
benificial          -> beneficial
benifit             -> benefit
bergamont           -> bergamot
bernouilli          -> Bernoulli
beseiging           -> besieging
beteen              -> between
betwen              -> between
beween              -> between
bewteen             -> between
bigining            -> beginning
biginning           -> beginning
bilateraly          -> bilaterally
billingualism       -> bilingualism
binominal           -> binomial
bizzare             -> bizarre
blaim               -> blame
blessure            -> blessing
boaut               -> about
bodydbuilder        -> bodybuilder
bombardement        -> bombardment
bombarment          -> bombardment
bondary             -> boundary
bonnano             -> Bonanno
boook               -> book
borke               -> broke
boundry             -> boundary
bouyancy            -> buoyancy
bouyant             -> buoyant
boyant              -> buoyant
bradcast            -> broadcast
breakthough         -> breakthrough
breakthrought       -> breakthrough
breif               -> brief
brethen             -> brethren
bretheren           -> brethren
briliant            -> brilliant
brillant            -> brilliant
brimestone          -> brimstone
broacasted          -> broadcast
broadacasting       -> broadcasting
broady              -> broadly
buisness            -> business
buoancy             -> buoyancy
buring              -> burning
burried             -> buried
busness             -> business
bussiness           -> business
caculater           -> calculator
cacuses             -> caucuses
cahracters          -> characters
calaber             -> caliber
calander            -> calendar
calculater          -> calculator
calculs             -> calculus
calenders           -> calendars
caligraphy          -> calligraphy
caluclate           -> calculate
caluculate          -> calculate
calulate            -> calculate
camoflage           -> camouflage
campagin            -> campaign
campain             -> campaign
candadate           -> candidate
candiate            -> candidate
candidiate          -> candidate
cannister           -> canister
cannnot             -> cannot
cannonical          -> canonical
cannotation         -> connotation
caost               -> coast
caperbility         -> capability
capible             -> capable
captial             -> capital
captued             -> captured
capturd             -> captured
carachter           -> character
caracterized        -> characterized
carefull            -> careful
careing             -> caring
carismatic          -> charismatic
carnege             -> carnage
carnige             -> carnage
carreer             -> career
carrers             -> careers
carryng             -> carrying
cartdridge          -> cartridge
carthographer       -> cartographer
cartilege           -> cartilage
cartilidge          -> cartilage
cartrige            -> cartridge
casette             -> cassette
cassawory           -> cassowary
cassowarry          -> cassowary
:casue              -> cause
casuing             -> causing
casulaties          -> casualties
casulaty            -> casualty
catagories          -> categories
catagorized         -> categorized
catagory            -> category
catapillar          -> caterpillar
catapiller          -> caterpillar
catepillar          -> caterpillar
catergorize         -> categorize
caterpilar          -> caterpillar
caterpiller         -> caterpillar
cathlic             -> catholic
catholocism         -> catholicism
catterpilar         -> caterpillar
catterpillar        -> caterpillar
cattleship          -> battleship
causalities         -> casualties
cellpading          -> cellpadding
cementary           -> cemetery
cemetarey           -> cemetery
cemetaries          -> cemeteries
cemetary            -> cemetery
cencus              -> census
cententenial        -> centennial
centruies           -> centuries
centruy             -> century
centuties           -> centuries
centuty             -> century
ceratin             -> certain
cerimonial          -> ceremonial
cerimonies          -> ceremonies
cerimonious         -> ceremonious
cerimony            -> ceremony
ceromony            -> ceremony
certaintly          -> certainly
certainity          -> certainty
certian             -> certain
cervial             -> cervical
chalenging          -> challenging
challange           -> challenge
challege            -> challenge
changable           -> changeable
charachter          -> character
charactersistic     -> characteristic
charactor           -> character
charasmatic         -> charismatic
charaterized        -> characterized
chariman            -> chairman
charistics          -> characteristics
chasr               -> chaser
cheif               -> chief
chekc               -> check
chemcial            -> chemical
chemestry           -> chemistry
chemicaly           -> chemically
childbird           -> childbirth
childen             -> children
chnage              -> change
choclate            -> chocolate
choosen             -> chosen
:choses             -> chooses
chracter            -> character
chuch               -> church
churchs             -> churches
circulaton          -> circulation
circut              -> circuit
ciricuit            -> circuit
ciriculum           -> curriculum
civillian           -> civilian
claer               -> clear
claimes             -> claims
cleareance          -> clearance
clincial            -> clinical
clinicaly           -> clinically
cmoputer            -> computer
coctail             -> cocktail
coform              -> conform
cognizent           -> cognizant
coincedentally      -> coincidentally
colaborations       -> collaborations
colateral           -> collateral
colelctive          -> collective
collaberative       -> collaborative
collecton           -> collection
collegue            -> colleague
collonade           -> colonnade
collonies           -> colonies
collony             -> colony
collosal            -> colossal
colonizators        -> colonizers
comander            -> commander
comando             -> commando
comany              -> company
comapany            -> company
comapny             -> company
comback             -> comeback
combanations        -> combinations
combinatins         -> combinations
combusion           -> combustion
comdemnation        -> condemnation
comemmorates        -> commemorates
comemoretion        -> commemoration
comision            -> commission
comission           -> commission
comited             -> committed
comiting            -> committing
comitted            -> committed
comittee            -> committee
comitting           -> committing
commandoes          -> commandos
commedic            -> comedic
commemerative       -> commemorative
commemmorate        -> commemorate
commemmorating      -> commemorating
commerical          -> commercial
commericial         -> commercial
commerorative       -> commemorative
comming:            -> coming
comminication       -> communication
commision           -> commission
commited            -> committed
commitee            -> committee
commiting           -> committing
committment         -> commitment
commmemorated       -> commemorated
commongly           -> commonly
commonweath         -> commonwealth
commuications       -> communications
commuinications     -> communications
communciation       -> communication
communiation        -> communication
communites          -> communities
compability         -> compatibility
comparision         -> comparison
comparitive         -> comparative
compatabilities     -> compatibilities
compatability       -> compatibility
compatable          -> compatible
compatablities      -> compatibilities
compatablity        -> compatibility
compatiable         -> compatible
compatiblities      -> compatibilities
compatiblity        -> compatibility
compeitions         -> competitions
compensantion       -> compensation
competance          -> competence
competant           -> competent
competative         -> competitive
competion           -> competition
competitiion        -> competition
competive           -> competitive
comphrehensive      -> comprehensive
compitent           -> competent
completedthe        -> completed the
completelyl         -> completely
completetion        -> completion
complier            -> compiler
componant           -> component
comprable           -> comparable
comprimise          -> compromise
compulsary          -> compulsory
compulsery          -> compulsory
computarized        -> computerized
concensus           -> consensus
concider            -> consider
concieted           -> conceited
concieved           -> conceived
concious            -> conscious
condamned           -> condemned
condemmed           -> condemned
condidtion          -> condition
conditionsof        -> conditions of
conected            -> connected
conection           -> connection
conesencus          -> consensus
confidental         -> confidential
confids             -> confides
configureable       -> configurable
confortable         -> comfortable
congradulations     -> congratulations
congresional        -> congressional
conived             -> connived
conjecutre          -> conjecture
conjuction          -> conjunction
conotations         -> connotations
conquerd            -> conquered
conquerer           -> conqueror
conqured            -> conquered
conscent            -> consent
consciouness        -> consciousness
consdider           -> consider
consdiered          -> considered
consectutive        -> consecutive
consenquently       -> consequently
consentrate         -> concentrate
consept             -> concept
consequentually     -> consequently
consequeseces       -> consequences
consern             -> concern
conservitive        -> conservative
consiciousness      -> consciousness
consicousness       -> consciousness
considerd           -> considered
consideres          -> considered
consious            -> conscious
consistant          -> consistent
consituencies       -> constituencies
consituency         -> constituency
consituted          -> constituted
consitution         -> constitution
consolodate         -> consolidate
consonent           -> consonant
consorcium          -> consortium
conspiracys         -> conspiracies
conspiriator        -> conspirator
constaints          -> constraints
constanly           -> constantly
constarnation       -> consternation
constatn            -> constant
constinually        -> continually
constituant         -> constituent
constituion         -> constitution
consttruction       -> construction
constuction         -> construction
contstruction       -> construction
consulant           -> consultant
consumate           -> consummate
contaiminate        -> contaminate
containes           -> contains
contamporaries      -> contemporaries
contamporary        -> contemporary
contempoary         -> contemporary
contemporaneus      -> contemporaneous
contempory          -> contemporary
contendor           -> contender
contian             -> contain
contibute           -> contribute
contigent           -> contingent
contined            -> continued
continential        -> continental
continous           -> continuous
continueing         -> continuing
contravercial       -> controversial
contraversy         -> controversy
contributer         -> contributor
contritutions       -> contributions
controled           -> controlled
controll            -> control
controvercial       -> controversial
controvercy         -> controversy
controveries        -> controversies
controversal        -> controversial
controversey        -> controversy
controvertial       -> controversial
controvery          -> controversy
contruction         -> construction
conveinent          -> convenient
convenant           -> covenant
convential          -> conventional
convertable         -> convertible
convertion          -> conversion
conviced            -> convinced
convienient         -> convenient
coordiantion        -> coordination
coorperation        -> cooperation
copmetitors         -> competitors
coputer             -> computer
copywrite:          -> copyright
coridal             -> cordial
cornmitted          -> committed
corosion            -> corrosion
corparate           -> corporate
corperations        -> corporations
correcters          -> correctors
correponding        -> corresponding
correposding        -> corresponding
correspondant       -> correspondent
corridoors          -> corridors
corrispond          -> correspond
costitution         -> constitution
coucil              -> council
coudl               -> could
councellor          -> councillor
counries            -> countries
countains           -> contains
countires           -> countries
coururier           -> courier
coverted            -> converted
creaeted            -> created
creedence           -> credence
critereon           -> criterion
criterias           -> criteria
criticists          -> critics
critising           -> criticising
critisising         -> criticising
critisism           -> criticism
critisize           -> criticise
critizing           -> criticizing
crockodiles         -> crocodiles
crowm               -> crown
crtical             -> critical
crticised           -> criticised
crucifiction        -> crucifixion
crusies             -> cruises
crutial             -> crucial
crystalisation      -> crystallisation
culiminating        -> culminating
cumulatative        -> cumulative
curch               -> church
curcuit             -> circuit
currenly            -> currently
curriculem          -> curriculum
cyclinder           -> cylinder
dacquiri            -> daiquiri
dalmation           -> dalmatian
damenor             -> demeanor
dammage             -> damage
daugher             -> daughter
debateable          -> debatable
decendant           -> descendant
decendent           -> descendant
decideable          -> decidable
decidely            -> decidedly
decieved            -> deceived
decison             -> decision
decress             -> decrees
decribe             -> describe
decribing           -> describing
dectect             -> detect
defendent           -> defendant
deffensively        -> defensively
deffine             -> define
definance           -> defiance
definate            -> definite
definatly           -> definitely
definetly           -> definitely
definining          -> defining
definitly           -> definitely
definiton           -> definition
defintion           -> definition
degrate             -> degrade
delagates           -> delegates
delapidated         -> dilapidated
delerious           -> delirious
delevopment         -> development
deliberatly         -> deliberately
delusionally        -> delusively
demenor             -> demeanor
demographical       -> demographic
demolision          -> demolition
demorcracy          -> democracy
demostration        -> demonstration
denegrating         -> denigrating
densly              -> densely
deparment           -> department
dependance          -> dependence
dependancy          -> dependency
deram               -> dream
deriviated          -> derived
derivitive          -> derivative
derogitory          -> derogatory
descendands         -> descendants
descibed            -> described
descision           -> decision
descriibes          -> describes
descripters         -> descriptors
descripton          -> description
desctruction        -> destruction
descuss             -> discuss
desgined            -> designed
deside              -> decide
desigining          -> designing
desinations         -> destinations
desintegrated       -> disintegrated
desintegration      -> disintegration
desireable          -> desirable
desitned            -> destined
desktiop            -> desktop
desorder            -> disorder
desoriented         -> disoriented
desparate           -> desperate
despict             -> depict
despiration         -> desperation
dessicated          -> desiccated
dessigned           -> designed
destablized         -> destabilized
destory             -> destroy
detailled           -> detailed
detatched           -> detached
deteoriated         -> deteriorated
deteriate           -> deteriorate
deterioriating      -> deteriorating
determinining       -> determining
detremental         -> detrimental
devasted            -> devastated
develope            -> develop
developped          -> developed
develpment          -> development
devels              -> delves
devestated          -> devastated
devestating         -> devastating
devide              -> divide
devistating         -> devastating
devolopement        -> development
diablical           -> diabolical
diamons             -> diamonds
diaster             -> disaster
dichtomy            -> dichotomy
diconnects          -> disconnects
dicover             -> discover
dictionarys         -> dictionaries
dicussed            -> discussed
dieing              -> dyeing
dieties             -> deities
diety               -> deity
diferent            -> different
diferrent           -> different
differentiatiations -> differentiations
differnt            -> different
difficulity         -> difficulty
diffrent            -> different
dificulties         -> difficulties
dificulty           -> difficulty
dimenions           -> dimensions
dimention           -> dimension
dimesnional         -> dimensional
diminuitive         -> diminutive
dimunitive          -> diminutive
diosese             -> diocese
diphtong            -> diphthong
diplomancy          -> diplomacy
dipthong            -> diphthong
directoty           -> directory
dirived             -> derived
disagreeed          -> disagreed
disapeared          -> disappeared
disapointing        -> disappointing
disappearred        -> disappeared
disasterous         -> disastrous
disatisfaction      -> dissatisfaction
disatisfied         -> dissatisfied
disatrous           -> disastrous
discontentment      -> discontent
discribe            -> describe
discribing          -> describing
disctinction        -> distinction
disctinctive        -> distinctive
disemination        -> dissemination
disenchanged        -> disenchanted
disiplined          -> disciplined
disolved            -> dissolved
disover             -> discover
dispair             -> despair
disparingly         -> disparagingly
dispence            -> dispense
dispencing          -> dispensing
dispicable          -> despicable
dispite             -> despite
disproportiate      -> disproportionate
disputandem         -> disputandum
disricts            -> districts
dissagreement       -> disagreement
dissapear           -> disappear
dissappear          -> disappear
dissappointed       -> disappointed
dissarray           -> disarray
dissobedience       -> disobedience
dissobedient        -> disobedient
distiction          -> distinction
distingish          -> distinguish
distingquished      -> distinguished
distrubution        -> distribution
distruction         -> destruction
distructive         -> destructive
ditributed          -> distributed
diversed            -> diverse
divice              -> device
divinition          -> divination
divison             -> division
doccument           -> document
docrines            -> doctrines
doctines            -> doctrines
documenatry         -> documentary
doens               -> does
doign               -> doing
dominaton           -> domination
dominent            -> dominant
dominiant           -> dominant
donig               -> doing
doulbe              -> double
dowloads            -> downloads
dramtic             -> dramatic
draughtman          -> draughtsman
dreasm              -> dreams
driectly            -> directly
drnik               -> drink
druming             -> drumming
drummless           -> drumless
dupicate            -> duplicate
durig               -> during
durring             -> during
duting              -> during
ealier              -> earlier
earnt               -> earned
ecclectic           -> eclectic
eceonomy            -> economy
ecidious            -> deciduous
eclispe             -> eclipse
ecomonic            -> economic
econoimic           -> economic
eearly              -> early
effeciency          -> efficiency
effecient           -> efficient
efficency           -> efficiency
efficent            -> efficient
efford              -> effort
effulence           -> effluence
eigth:              -> eighth
eiter               -> either
elasped             -> elapsed
elction             -> election
electic             -> electric
electon             -> election
electrial           -> electrical
electricly          -> electrically
electricty          -> electricity
elementay           -> elementary
eleminated          -> eliminated
eleminating         -> eliminating
eletricity          -> electricity
elicided            -> elicited
eligable            -> eligible
elimentary          -> elementary
ellected            -> elected
elphant             -> elephant
embarass            -> embarrass
embargos            -> embargoes
embezelled          -> embezzled
emblamatic          -> emblematic
emision             -> emission
emited              -> emitted
emiting             -> emitting
emition             -> emission
emmediately         -> immediately
emmigrated          -> emigrated
emminent            -> eminent
emmisaries          -> emissaries
emmisarries         -> emissaries
emmisarry           -> emissary
emmisary            -> emissary
emmision            -> emission
emmited             -> emitted
emmiting            -> emitting
emmitted            -> emitted
emmitting           -> emitting
emnity              -> enmity
emperical           -> empirical
emphaised           -> emphasised
emphsis             -> emphasis
emphysyma           -> emphysema
empirial            -> imperial
emporer             -> emperor
emprisoned          -> imprisoned
enameld             -> enameled
enchancement        -> enhancement
encouraing          -> encouraging
encryptiion         -> encryption
encylopedia         -> encyclopedia
endevors            -> endeavors
endevour            -> endeavour
endig               -> ending
endolithes          -> endoliths
enduce              -> induce
enforceing          -> enforcing
engagment           -> engagement
engeneer            -> engineer
engieneer           -> engineer
enlargment          -> enlargement
enourmous           -> enormous
ensconsed           -> ensconced
entaglements        -> entanglements
enteratinment       -> entertainment
enthusiatic         -> enthusiastic
entitity            -> entity
entitlied           -> entitled
entrepeneur         -> entrepreneur
enviorment          -> environment
enviornment         -> environment
enviroment          -> environment
envolutionary       -> evolutionary
envrionments        -> environments
epidsodes           -> episodes
epsiode             -> episode
equialent           -> equivalent
equalibrium         -> equilibrium
equelibrium         -> equilibrium
equilibium          -> equilibrium
equilibrum          -> equilibrium
equiped             -> equipped
equippment          -> equipment
equitorial          -> equatorial
equivelant          -> equivalent
equivelent          -> equivalent
equivilant          -> equivalent
equivilent          -> equivalent
equivlalent         -> equivalent
:erally             -> really
eratic              -> erratic
erested             -> arrested
errupted            -> erupted
esential            -> essential
esitmated           -> estimated
especialy           -> especially
essencial           -> essential
essense             -> essence
essentail           -> essential
essentialy          -> essentially
essentual           -> essential
essesital           -> essential
estabishes          -> establishes
establising         -> establishing
ethnocentricm       -> ethnocentrism
ethose              -> ethos
evenhtually         -> eventually
eventally           -> eventually
eventhough          -> even though
eventially          -> eventually
eventualy           -> eventually
everthing           -> everything
everytime           -> every time
everyting           -> everything
:eveyr              -> every
evidentally         -> evidently
exagerate           -> exaggerate
exagerating         -> exaggerating
exagerrate          -> exaggerate
exagerrating        -> exaggerating
examinated          -> examined
exampt              -> exempt
exapansion          -> expansion
excact              -> exact
excange             -> exchange
excecute            -> execute
excecuting          -> executing
excecution          -> execution
excedded            -> exceeded
excelent            -> excellent
excellance          -> excellence
excellant           -> excellent
excercise           -> exercise
exchanching         -> exchanging
excisted            -> existed
exculsivly          -> exclusively
execising           -> exercising
exection            -> execution
exectued            -> executed
exeedingly          -> exceedingly
exelent             -> excellent
exellent            -> excellent
exemple             -> example
exept               -> except
exerbate            -> exacerbate
exerciese           -> exercises
exerpt              -> excerpt
exersize            -> exercise
exerternal          -> external
exhalted            -> exalted
exhibtion           -> exhibition
exibition           -> exhibition
exicting            -> exciting
exinct              -> extinct
existance           -> existence
existant            -> existent
existince           -> existence
exliled             -> exiled
exludes             -> excludes
exmaple             -> example
exonorate           -> exonerate
exoskelaton         -> exoskeleton
expalin             -> explain
expatriot           -> expatriate
expeced             -> expected
expecially          -> especially
expeditonary        -> expeditionary
expeiments          -> experiments
experiance          -> experience
expiditions         -> expeditions
expierence          -> experience
explaination        -> explanation
explaning           -> explaining
explictly           -> explicitly
exploititive        -> exploitative
explotation         -> exploitation
expropiated         -> expropriated
expropiation        -> expropriation
exressed            -> expressed
extemely            -> extremely
extention           -> extension
extered             -> exerted
extermist           -> extremist
extint              -> extinct
extradiction        -> extradition
extravagent         -> extravagant
extrememly          -> extremely
extremeophile       -> extremophile
extremly            -> extremely
extrordinarily      -> extraordinarily
extrordinary        -> extraordinary
faciliate           -> facilitate
facilites           -> facilities
facillitate         -> facilitate
facinated           -> fascinated
facist              -> fascist
familes             -> families
familliar           -> familiar
fanatism            -> fanaticism
faught              -> fought
favoutrable         -> favourable
feasable            -> feasible
febuary             -> February
feburary            -> February
fedreally           -> federally
feild               -> field
femminist           -> feminist
feromone            -> pheromone
fertily             -> fertility
fianite             -> finite
fianlly             -> finally
ficticious          -> fictitious
fictious            -> fictitious
fiercly             -> fiercely
filiament           -> filament
fimilies            -> families
finacial            -> financial
finaly              -> finally
financialy          -> financially
firend              -> friend
firts               -> first
fisionable          -> fissionable
fitler              -> filter
flamable            -> flammable
flawess             -> flawless
fleed               -> fled
florescent          -> fluorescent
flourescent         -> fluorescent
flourine            -> fluorine
fluorish            -> flourish
flourishment        -> flourishing
follwo              -> follow
folow:              -> follow
fomed               -> formed
fonetic             -> phonetic
fontrier            -> fontier
foootball           -> football
forbiden            -> forbidden
foreward            -> foreword
forfiet             -> forfeit
forhead             -> forehead
foriegn             -> foreign
formallize          -> formalize
formaly             -> formally
formelly            -> formerly
formidible          -> formidable
formost             -> foremost
forsaw              -> foresaw
forseeable          -> foreseeable
fortelling          -> foretelling
forunner            -> forerunner
foucs               -> focus
:foudn              -> found
fougth              -> fought
foundaries          -> foundries
foundary            -> foundry
fouth               -> fourth
foward              -> forward
frequecy            -> frequency
frequentily         -> frequently
fromed              -> formed
froniter            -> frontier
fucntion            -> function
fufill              -> fulfill
fulfiled            -> fulfilled
fullfill            -> fulfill
fundametal          -> fundamental
funguses            -> fungi
funtion             -> function
furuther            -> further
futher              -> further
galatic             -> galactic
gallaxies           -> galaxies
galvinized          -> galvanized
ganerate            -> generate
:gane:              -> game
:ganes:             -> games
ganster             -> gangster
garantee            -> guarantee
garnison            -> garrison
gaurantee           -> guarantee
:gaurd              -> guard
gaurentee           -> guarantee
geneological        -> genealogical
geneologies         -> genealogies
geneology           -> genealogy
generaly            -> generally
generatting         -> generating
genialia            -> genitalia
geographicial       -> geographical
geometrician        -> geometer
:gerat              -> great
glamourous          -> glamorous
glight              -> flight
gnawwed             -> gnawed
godess              -> goddess
:gogin              -> going
:goign              -> going
:gonig              -> going
gouvener            -> governor
govement            -> government
govenment           -> government
govenrment          -> government
goverance           -> governance
goverment           -> government
governer            -> governor
governmnet          -> government
govorment           -> government
govornment          -> government
:graet              -> great
grafitti            -> graffiti
gramatically        -> grammatically
grammaticaly        -> grammatically
:grammer            -> grammar
gratuitious         -> gratuitous
greatful            -> grateful
greif               -> grief
gridles             -> griddles
gropu               -> group
:guage              -> gauge
guaratee            -> guarantee
guarentee           -> guarantee
guerrila            -> guerrilla
guidence            -> guidance
gunanine            -> guanine
gurantee            -> guarantee
guttaral            -> guttural
gutteral            -> guttural
habaeus             -> habeas
habeus              -> habeas
haemorrage          -> haemorrhage
:haev               -> have
halarious           -> hilarious
:hapen              -> happen
hapened             -> happened
hapening            -> happening
happend             -> happened
happenned           -> happened
harased             -> harassed
harases             -> harasses
harasment           -> harassment
harassement         -> harassment
haviest             -> heaviest
headquarer          -> headquarter
headquater          -> headquarter
healthercare        -> healthcare
:heathy             -> healthy
heigher             -> higher
heirarchy           -> hierarchy
heiroglyphics       -> hieroglyphics
helment             -> helmet
helpped             -> helped
hemmorhage          -> hemorrhage
heridity            -> heredity
hertiage            -> heritage
hertzs              -> hertz
hesistant           -> hesitant
heterogenous        -> heterogeneous
heighth             -> height
hieght              -> height
hierachical         -> hierarchical
hierachies          -> hierarchies
hierachy            -> hierarchy
hierarcical         -> hierarchical
hierarcy            -> hierarchy
hieroglph           -> hieroglyph
higer:              -> higher
higest              -> highest
higway              -> highway
hillarious          -> hilarious
himselv             -> himself
hinderance          -> hindrance
hinderence          -> hindrance
hindrence           -> hindrance
hipopotamus         -> hippopotamus
hismelf             -> himself
historicians        -> historians
holliday            -> holiday
homogeneize         -> homogenize
honory              -> honorary
horrifing           -> horrifying
hosited             -> hoisted
hospitible          -> hospitable
hounour             -> honour
housr:              -> hours
howver              -> however
hsitorians          -> historians
hstory              -> history
:htere              -> there
:htikn              -> think
:hting              -> thing
:htink              -> think
:humer              -> humour
huminoid            -> humanoid
humoural            -> humoral
humurous            -> humorous
hvaing              -> having
:hwihc              -> which
:hwile              -> while
hwole               -> whole
hydogen             -> hydrogen
hydropile           -> hydrophile
hydropilic          -> hydrophilic
hydropobe           -> hydrophobe
hydropobic          -> hydrophobic
hygeine             -> hygiene
hyjack              -> hijack
hypocracy           -> hypocrisy
hypocrasy           -> hypocrisy
hypocricy           -> hypocrisy
hypocrit:           -> hypocrite
iamge:              -> image
iconclastic         -> iconoclastic
idaeidae            -> idea
:idaes              -> ideas
idealogies          -> ideologies
idealogy            -> ideology
identicial          -> identical
identifers          -> identifiers
ideosyncratic       -> idiosyncratic
idesa               -> ideas
idiosyncracy        -> idiosyncrasy
illegimacy          -> illegitimacy
illess              -> illness
illiegal            -> illegal
illution            -> illusion
ilness              -> illness
ilogical            -> illogical
imagenary           -> imaginary
imaginery           -> imaginary
imanent             -> eminent
imcomplete          -> incomplete
imediately          -> immediately
imense              -> immense
imigrant            -> immigrant
imigrated           -> immigrated
imigration          -> immigration
iminent             -> imminent
immediatley         -> immediately
immediatly          -> immediately
immidately          -> immediately
immidiately         -> immediately
immitate            -> imitate
immitating          -> imitating
immitator           -> imitator
immunosupressant    -> immunosuppressant
impecabbly          -> impeccably
impedence           -> impedance
implamenting        -> implementing
:imploys            -> employs
importamt           -> important
impressario         -> impresario
imprioned           -> imprisoned
imprisonned         -> imprisoned
improvision         -> improvisation
improvment          -> improvement
inablility          -> inability
inadiquate          -> inadequate
inadquate           -> inadequate
inadvertantly       -> inadvertently
inagurated          -> inaugurated
inaguration         -> inauguration
inaugures           -> inaugurates
inbalance           -> imbalance
incarcirated        -> incarcerated
incidentially       -> incidentally
incidently          -> incidentally
inclreased          -> increased
includng            -> including
incomptable         -> incompatible
incomptetent        -> incompetent
incoroporated       -> incorporated
incorperation       -> incorporation
incorportaed        -> incorporated
incorprates         -> incorporates
incramentally       -> incrementally
increadible         -> incredible
incredable          -> incredible
inctroduce          -> introduce
incuding            -> including
incunabla           -> incunabula
indefineable        -> undefinable
indentical          -> identical
indepedantly        -> independently
indepedence         -> independence
independant         -> independent
independece         -> independence
independendet       -> independent
indespensable       -> indispensable
indespensible       -> indispensable
indictement         -> indictment
indigineous         -> indigenous
indipendence        -> independence
indipendent         -> independent
indispensible       -> indispensable
indisputible        -> indisputable
indisputibly        -> indisputably
indite              -> indict
individualy         -> individually
indpendent          -> independent
indulgue            -> indulge
indutrial           -> industrial
indviduals          -> individuals
inefficienty        -> inefficiently
inevatible          -> inevitable
inevitible          -> inevitable
inevititably        -> inevitably
infalability        -> infallibility
infallable          -> infallible
infectuous          -> infectious
infered             -> inferred
infilitrate         -> infiltrate
infilitration       -> infiltration
inflamation         -> inflammation
influencial         -> influential
influented          -> influenced
infomation          -> information
informtion          -> information
infrantryman        -> infantryman
infrigement         -> infringement
ingenius            -> ingenious
ingreediants        -> ingredients
inhabitans          -> inhabitants
inherantly          -> inherently
inheritage          -> inheritance
inheritence         -> inheritance
inital              -> initial
initation           -> initiation
initiaitive         -> initiative
inlcuding           -> including
inmigrant           -> immigrant
innoculated         -> inoculated
inocence            -> innocence
inofficial          -> unofficial
inpeach             -> impeach
inpending           -> impending
inpenetrable        -> impenetrable
inpolite            -> impolite
inprisonment        -> imprisonment
inproving           -> improving
insectiverous       -> insectivorous
insensative         -> insensitive
inseperable         -> inseparable
insistance          -> insistence
insitution          -> institution
inspite             -> in spite
instade             -> instead
instatance          -> instance
institue            -> institute
instuction          -> instruction
instuments          -> instruments
instutionalized     -> institutionalized
instutions          -> institutions
insurence           -> insurance
intelectual         -> intellectual
inteligence         -> intelligence
inteligent          -> intelligent
intenational        -> international
intented            -> intended
intepretation       -> interpretation
intepretator        -> interpretor
interational        -> international
interbread          -> interbreed
interchangably      -> interchangeably
intercontinetal     -> intercontinental
intered             -> interred
interelated         -> interrelated
interferance        -> interference
interfereing        -> interfering
intergrated         -> integrated
intergration        -> integration
interm              -> interim
internation:        -> international
interpet            -> interpret
interrim            -> interim
interrugum          -> interregnum
intertaining        -> entertaining
interupt            -> interrupt
intervines          -> intervenes
intevene            -> intervene
intial              -> initial
intput              -> input
intrduced           -> introduced
intrest             -> interest
introdued           -> introduced
intruduced          -> introduced
intrument           -> instrument
intrusted           -> entrusted
intutive            -> intuitive
inudstry            -> industry
inumerable          -> innumerable
inventer            -> inventor
invertibrates       -> invertebrates
investingate        -> investigate
involvment          -> involvement
iresistable         -> irresistible
iresistably         -> irresistibly
iresistible         -> irresistible
iresistibly         -> irresistibly
iritable            -> irritable
iritated            -> irritated
ironicly            -> ironically
irregardless        -> regardless
irreplacable        -> irreplaceable
irresistable        -> irresistible
irresistably        -> irresistibly
issueing            -> issuing
itnroduced          -> introduced
iunior              -> junior
janurary            -> January
januray             -> January
jeapardy            -> jeopardy
jewllery            -> jewellery
jorunal             -> journal
jouney              -> journey
journied            -> journeyed
journies            -> journeys
:jstu:              -> just
:jsut:              -> just
judical             -> judicial
judisuary           -> judiciary
juducial            -> judicial
juristiction        -> jurisdiction
kindergarden        -> kindergarten
klenex              -> kleenex
knifes:             -> knives
knive:              -> knife
knowlege            -> knowledge
:knwo               -> know
:konw               -> know
:kwno               -> know
labatory            -> laboratory
labled              -> labelled
labratory           -> laboratory
laguage             -> language
laparascopic        -> laparoscopic
largst              -> largest
larrry              -> larry
lastr               -> last
lattitude           -> latitude
launchs             -> launches
launhed             -> launched
lavae               -> larvae
:layed              -> laid
lazyness            -> laziness
leage               -> league
leanr               -> learn
leathal             -> lethal
lebsian             -> lesbian
lefted              -> left
legitamate          -> legitimate
legitmate           -> legitimate
leibnitz            -> leibniz
lenght              -> length
:leran              -> learn
lesban              -> lesbian
lesbain             -> lesbian
lesbina             -> lesbian
leutenant           -> lieutenant
levetate            -> levitate
levetating          -> levitating
levle               -> level
liasion             -> liaison
liason              -> liaison
libary              -> library
libell              -> libel
libguistic          -> linguistic
libitarianisn       -> libertarianism
:lible              -> libel
lieing              -> lying
liekd               -> liked
liesure             -> leisure
lieuenant           -> lieutenant
lieved              -> lived
liftime             -> lifetime
lightyear           -> light year
likelyhood          -> likelihood
linnaena            -> linnaean
lippizaner          -> lipizzaner
liquify             -> liquefy
liscense            -> license
lisence             -> license
lisense             -> license
litature            -> literature
literaly            -> literally
literture           -> literature
littel              -> little
litterally          -> literally
liuke               -> like
livley              -> lively
lmits               -> limits
lonelyness          -> loneliness
longitudonal        -> longitudinal
lonley              -> lonely
lonly               -> lonely
looses:             -> loses
loosing             -> losing
lotharingen         -> lothringen
lukid               -> likud
lybia               -> Libya
maching             -> machine
mackeral            -> mackerel
magasine            -> magazine
magizine            -> magazine
magisine            -> magazine
magincian           -> magician
magnificient        -> magnificent
magolia             -> magnolia
mailny              -> mainly
maintainance        -> maintenance
maintainence        -> maintenance
maintance           -> maintenance
maintenence         -> maintenance
maintinaing         -> maintaining
maintioned          -> mentioned
majoroty            -> majority
maked               -> marked
makse               -> makes
:mamal              -> mammal
managable           -> manageable
managment           -> management
manisfestations     -> manifestations
mantain             -> maintain
manufacturedd       -> manufactured
manufature:         -> manufacture
manufaturing        -> manufacturing
mariage             -> marriage
marjority           -> majority
markes              -> marks
marketting          -> marketing
marmelade           -> marmalade
marrage             -> marriage
marraige            -> marriage
marrtyred           -> martyred
marryied            -> married
masterbation        -> masturbation
mataphysical        -> metaphysical
materalists         -> materialist
mathamatics         -> mathematics
mathematican        -> mathematician
mathematicas        -> mathematics
mathmatically       -> mathematically
mathmatician        -> mathematician
mchanics            -> mechanics
meaing              -> meaning
meaninng            -> meaning
mechandise          -> merchandise
medacine            -> medicine
medeival            -> medieval
medevial            -> medieval
mediciney           -> mediciny
medievel            -> medieval
meerkrat            -> meerkat
melieux             -> milieux
membranaphone       -> membranophone
memeber             -> member
menally             -> mentally
mercentile          -> mercantile
messanger           -> messenger
messenging          -> messaging
metalic             -> metallic
metalurgic          -> metallurgic
metalurgy           -> metallurgy
metamorphysis       -> metamorphosis
metaphoricial       -> metaphorical
meterologist        -> meteorologist
meterology          -> meteorology
methaphor           -> metaphor
micoscopy           -> microscopy
midwifes            -> midwives
mileau              -> milieu
milennia            -> millennia
milennium           -> millennium
mileu               -> milieu
miliary             -> military
miligram            -> milligram
milion              -> million
miliraty            -> military
millenia            -> millennia
millenium           -> millennium
millepede           -> millipede
millioniare         -> millionaire
millitant           -> militant
millitary           -> military
millon              -> million
miltary             -> military
minature            -> miniature
minerial            -> mineral
ministery           -> ministry
minsitry            -> ministry
minstries           -> ministries
minstry             -> ministry
minumum             -> minimum
mirrorred           -> mirrored
miscelaneous        -> miscellaneous
miscellanious       -> miscellaneous
miscellanous        -> miscellaneous
mischeivous         -> mischievous
mischevious         -> mischievous
mischievious        -> mischievous
misdameanor         -> misdemeanor
misfourtune         -> misfortune
misile              -> missile
mispell             -> misspell
missle              -> missile
missonary           -> missionary
misterious          -> mysterious
mistery:            -> mystery
misteryous          -> mysterious
:mkaes              -> makes
mkaing              -> making
moderm              -> modem
:modle              -> model
:moent              -> moment
:moeny              -> money
moleclues           -> molecules
momento             -> memento
monestaries         -> monasteries
monestary           -> monastery
monickers           -> monikers
monolite            -> monolithic
montains            -> mountains
montanous           -> mountainous
montypic            -> monotypic
moreso              -> more so
morgage             -> mortgage
mortage             -> mortgage
mosture             -> moisture
motiviated          -> motivated
mounth              -> month
movei               -> movie
movment             -> movement
mucuous             -> mucous
muder               -> murder
multicultralism     -> multiculturalism
multipled           -> multiplied
multiplers          -> multipliers
munbers             -> numbers
muncipalities       -> municipalities
muncipality         -> municipality
munnicipality       -> municipality
muscels             -> muscles
muscial             -> musical
muscician           -> musician
mutiliated          -> mutilated
myraid              -> myriad
mysef:              -> myself
mysefl              -> myself
mysogynist          -> misogynist
mysogyny            -> misogyny
mysterous           -> mysterious
naieve              -> naive
naturaly            -> naturally
naturely            -> naturally
naturual            -> >natural
neccesarily         -> necessarily
neccesary           -> necessary
neccessarily        -> necessarily
neccessary          -> necessary
neccessities        -> necessities
necesarily          -> necessarily
necesary            -> necessary
necessiate          -> necessitate
neglible            -> negligible
negligable          -> negligible
negociate           -> negotiate
negociation         -> negotiation
negotation          -> negotiation
neice               -> niece
neigbour            -> neighbour
neolitic            -> neolithic
nessasarily         -> necessarily
nessecary           -> necessary
neverthless         -> nevertheless
newletters          -> newsletters
nickle              -> nickel
nightime            -> nighttime
nineth              -> ninth
ninteenth           -> nineteenth
ninty               -> ninety
noncombatents       -> noncombatants
nonsence            -> nonsense
nontheless          -> nonetheless
noone               -> no one
norhern             -> northern
northen             -> northern
northereastern      -> northeastern
notabley            -> notably
noteable            -> notable
noteably            -> notably
noteriety           -> notoriety
:noth:              -> north
nothern             -> northern
noticable           -> noticeable
noticably           -> noticeably
noticeing           -> noticing
noticible           -> noticeable
notwhithstanding    -> notwithstanding
noveau              -> nouveau
novermber           -> November
nowdays             -> nowadays
nucular             -> nuclear
nuculear            -> nuclear
nuisanse            -> nuisance
numberous           -> numerous
nusance             -> nuisance
nutritent           -> nutrient
nuturing            -> nurturing
obediance           -> obedience
obediant            -> obedient
obession            -> obsession
obssessed           -> obsessed
obstacal            -> obstacle
obstancles          -> obstacles
obstruced           -> obstructed
ocasion             -> occasion
ocassion            -> occasion
occaison            -> occasion
occassion           -> occasion
occationally        -> occasionally
occour              -> occur
occurance           -> occurrence
occured             -> occurred
occurence           -> occurrence
occuring            -> occurring
occurr:             -> occur
octohedra           -> octahedra
octohedron          -> octahedron
:ocuntries          -> countries
:ocuntry            -> country
:ocur               -> occur
ocurr               -> occur
offcers             -> officers
offcially           -> officially
offereings          -> offerings
offical:            -> official
offically           -> officially
officals            -> officials
officaly            -> officially
officialy           -> officially
offred              -> offered
oftenly             -> often
oging               -> going
:olther             -> other
:omision            -> omission
:omited             -> omitted
:omiting            -> omitting
omlette             -> omelette
:ommision           -> omission
:ommited            -> omitted
:ommiting           -> omitting
:ommitted           -> omitted
:ommitting          -> omitting
omniverous          -> omnivorous
openess             -> openness
oponent             -> opponent
oportunity          -> opportunity
opose               -> oppose
oposite             -> opposite
oposition           -> opposition
oppenly             -> openly
oppinion            -> opinion
opponant            -> opponent
oppononent          -> opponent
oppositition        -> opposition
oppossed            -> opposed
opprotunity         -> opportunity
opression           -> oppression
opressive           -> oppressive
opthalmic           -> ophthalmic
opthalmologist      -> ophthalmologist
opthalmology        -> ophthalmology
opthamologist       -> ophthalmologist
optmizations        -> optimizations
optomism            -> optimism
orded               -> ordered
organim             -> organism
organistion         -> organisation
organiztion         -> organization
:orgin              -> origin
orginize            -> organise
oridinarily         -> ordinarily
origanaly           -> originally
originall           -> original
originaly           -> originally
originially         -> originally
originnally         -> originally
origional           -> original
orignally           -> originally
orignially          -> originally
:otehr              -> other
otherwordly         -> otherworldly
oublisher           -> publisher
ouevre              -> oeuvre
ouptut              -> output
ouput               -> output
oustanding          -> outstanding
overthere           -> over there
overwelming         -> overwhelming
overwheliming       -> overwhelming
:owudl              -> would
oxigen              -> oxygen
oximoron            -> oxymoron
paide               -> paid
paitience           -> patience
palce               -> place
paleolitic          -> paleolithic
paliamentarian      -> parliamentarian
pallete             -> palette
pamflet             -> pamphlet
pamplet             -> pamphlet
pantomine           -> pantomime
paralel:            -> parallel
paralell:           -> parallel
paralelly           -> parallelly
paralely            -> parallelly
parallely           -> parallelly
paranthesis         -> parenthesis
paraphenalia        -> paraphernalia
parellels           -> parallels
parisitic           -> parasitic
parituclar          -> particular
parliment           -> parliament
parrakeets          -> parakeets
parralel            -> parallel
parrallel:          -> parallel
parrallell          -> parallel
parrallely          -> parallelly
partialy            -> partially
particually         -> particularly
particualr          -> particular
particuarly         -> particularly
particularily       -> particularly
particulary         -> particularly
pased:              -> passed
pasengers           -> passengers
passerbys           -> passersby
pasttime            -> pastime
pastural            -> pastoral
paticular           -> particular
pattented           -> patented
pavillion           -> pavilion
payed               -> paid
pblisher            -> publisher
pbulisher           -> publisher
peacefuland         -> peaceful and
peageant            -> pageant
peaple              -> people
peculure            -> peculiar
pedestrain          -> pedestrian
peformed            -> performed
:peice              -> piece
penatly             -> penalty
penerator           -> penetrator
penisula            -> peninsula
penninsula          -> peninsula
pennisula           -> peninsula
pensle              -> pencil
pensinula           -> peninsula
peopel              -> people
peotry              -> poetry
perade              -> parade
percepted           -> perceived
percieve            -> perceive
pereguine           -> peregrine
perenially          -> perennially
peretrator          -> perpetrator
perfomance          -> performance
perfomers           -> performers
performence         -> performance
performes           -> performed
perhasp             -> perhaps
perheaps            -> perhaps
perhpas             -> perhaps
peripathetic        -> peripatetic
peristent           -> persistent
perjery             -> perjury
perjorative         -> pejorative
permanant           -> permanent
permenant           -> permanent
permissable         -> permissible
perogative          -> prerogative
peronal             -> personal
perpertrated        -> perpetrated
perosnality         -> personality
perphas             -> perhaps
perpindicular       -> perpendicular
persan              -> person
perseverence        -> perseverance
persistance         -> persistence
persistant          -> persistent
personel:           -> personnel
personell           -> personnel
personnell          -> personnel
persuded            -> persuaded
persue              -> pursue
persuing            -> pursuing
persuit             -> pursuit
pertubation         -> perturbation
pessiary            -> pessary
petetion            -> petition
pharoah             -> Pharaoh
phenomenom          -> phenomenon
phenomenonal        -> phenomenal
phenomenonly        -> phenomenally
phenomonenon        -> phenomenon
phenomonon          -> phenomenon
phenonmena          -> phenomena
philisopher         -> philosopher
philisophical       -> philosophical
philisophy          -> philosophy
phillosophically    -> philosophically
philospher          -> philosopher
philosphies         -> philosophies
philosphy           -> philosophy
phongraph           -> phonograph
phylosophical       -> philosophical
physicaly           -> physically
piblisher           -> publisher
pilgrimmage         -> pilgrimage
pinapple            -> pineapple
pinnaple            -> pineapple
pinoneered          -> pioneered
plagarism           -> plagiarism
planation           -> plantation
planed              -> planned
plantiff            -> plaintiff
plateu              -> plateau
plausable           -> plausible
playright           -> playwright
playwrite           -> playwright
pleasent            -> pleasant
plebicite           -> plebiscite
plesant             -> pleasant
poenis              -> penis
poeople             -> people
poety               -> poetry
poisin              -> poison
polical             -> political
polinator           -> pollinator
politican           -> politician
poltical            -> political
polute              -> pollute
poluting            -> polluting
polution            -> pollution
polyphonyic         -> polyphonic
polysaccaride       -> polysaccharide
pomegranite         -> pomegranate
pomotion            -> promotion
poportional         -> proportional
popoulation         -> population
popularaty          -> popularity
populare            -> popular
populer             -> popular
porshan             -> portion
porshon             -> portion
portait             -> portrait
portayed            -> portrayed
portraing           -> portraying
posion              -> poison
positon             -> position
possable            -> possible
possably            -> possibly
posseses            -> possesses
possesing           -> possessing
possesion           -> possession
possessess          -> possesses
possibile           -> possible
possibilty          -> possibility
possiblility        -> possibility
possiblilty         -> possibility
possiblities        -> possibilities
possiblity          -> possibility
possition           -> position
posthomous          -> posthumous
postion             -> position
postive             -> positive
potatos             -> potatoes
potrait             -> portrait
potrayed            -> portrayed
poulations          -> populations
poverful            -> powerful
poweful             -> powerful
powerfull           -> powerful
ppublisher          -> publisher
practial            -> practical
practicaly          -> practically
practicioner        -> practitioner
practicly           -> practically
practioner          -> practitioner
prairy              -> prairie
prarie:             -> prairie
praries             -> prairies
pratice             -> practice
preample            -> preamble
precedessor         -> predecessor
preceed             -> precede
precentage          -> percentage
precice             -> precise
precisly            -> precisely
precurser           -> precursor
predecesors         -> predecessors
predicatble         -> predictable
predicitons         -> predictions
predomiantly        -> predominately
preferrably         -> preferably
pregancies          -> pregnancies
preiod              -> period
preliferation       -> proliferation
premeire            -> premiere
preminence          -> preeminence
premission          -> permission
preocupation        -> preoccupation
prepair             -> prepare
prepartion          -> preparation
prepatory           -> preparatory
preperation         -> preparation
preriod             -> period
presedential        -> presidential
presense            -> presence
presidenital        -> presidential
presitgious         -> prestigious
prespective         -> perspective
prestigeous         -> prestigious
prestigous          -> prestigious
presumabely         -> presumably
presumibly          -> presumably
pretection          -> protection
prevelant           -> prevalent
preverse            -> perverse
previvous           -> previous
pricipal            -> principal
priciple            -> principle
priestood           -> priesthood
primarly            -> primarily
primative           -> primitive
primordal           -> primordial
principlaity        -> principality
principaly          -> principality
principial          -> principal
principly           -> principally
prinicipal          -> principal
privalege           -> privilege
priveledges         -> privileges
privelege           -> privilege
privelige           -> privilege
privelleges         -> privileges
privilage           -> privilege
priviledge          -> privilege
privledge           -> privilege
privte              -> private
probabilaty         -> probability
probablistic        -> probabilistic
probablly           -> probably
probalibity         -> probability
probaly             -> probably
probelm             -> problem
proccess            -> process
procede             -> proceed
procedger           -> procedure
proceding           -> proceeding
proceedure          -> procedure
processer           -> processor
proclaimation       -> proclamation
proclamed           -> proclaimed
proclaming          -> proclaiming
proclomation        -> proclamation
profesion           -> profession
profesor            -> professor
professer           -> professor
proffesed           -> professed
proffesion          -> profession
proffesor           -> professor
proffession         -> profession
proffessor          -> professor
profilic            -> prolific
progessed           -> progressed
progidy             -> prodigy
programable         -> programmable
progrom             -> program
prohabition         -> prohibition
prologomena         -> prolegomena
prominance          -> prominence
prominant           -> prominent
prominately         -> prominently
promiscous          -> promiscuous
promotted           -> promoted
pronomial           -> pronominal
pronouced           -> pronounced
pronounched         -> pronounced
pronounciation      -> pronunciation
proove              -> prove
prophacy            -> prophecy
propietary          -> proprietary
propmted            -> prompted
propoganda          -> propaganda
propogate           -> propagate
propogation         -> propagation
propotions          -> proportions
propper             -> proper
proprietory         -> proprietary
proseletyzing       -> proselytizing
protaganist         -> protagonist
protocal            -> protocol
protoganist         -> protagonist
protrayed           -> portrayed
protruberance       -> protuberance
prouncements        -> pronouncements
provacative         -> provocative
provded             -> provided
provicial           -> provincial
provinicial         -> provincial
provisiosn          -> provision
provisonal          -> provisional
proximty            -> proximity
pseudononymous      -> pseudonymous
pseudonyn           -> pseudonym
psuedo              -> pseudo
psycology           -> psychology
psyhic              -> psychic
pubilsher           -> publisher
pubisher            -> publisher
publiaher           -> publisher
publically          -> publicly
publicaly           -> publicly
publicher           -> publisher
publihser           -> publisher
publisehr           -> publisher
publiser            -> publisher
publisger           -> publisher
publisheed          -> published
publisherr          -> publisher
publishher          -> publisher
publishor           -> publisher
publishre           -> publisher
publissher          -> publisher
publlisher          -> publisher
publsiher           -> publisher
publusher           -> publisher
puchasing           -> purchasing
pulisher            -> publisher
pumkin              -> pumpkin
puplisher           -> publisher
puritannical        -> puritanical
purposedly          -> purposely
purpotedly          -> purportedly
pursuade            -> persuade
pususading          -> persuading
pwoer               -> power
pyscic              -> psychic
qtuie               -> quite
quantaty            -> quantity
quantitiy           -> quantity
quarantaine         -> quarantine
questonable         -> questionable
quinessential       -> quintessential
:quitted            -> quit
quizes              -> quizzes
qutie               -> quite
rabinnical          -> rabbinical
racaus              -> raucous
radiactive          -> radioactive
radify              -> ratify
raelly              -> really
rarified            -> rarefied
reaccurring         -> recurring
reacing             -> reaching
reacll              -> recall
readmition          -> readmission
realitvely          -> relatively
realsitic           -> realistic
realtion            -> relation
realy:              -> really
realyl              -> really
reasearch           -> research
rebiulding          -> rebuilding
rebllions           -> rebellions
rebounce            -> rebound
reccomend           -> recommend
reccommend          -> recommend
reccuring           -> recurring
receeded            -> receded
receeding           -> receding
receivedfrom        -> received from
recepient           -> recipient
receving            -> receiving
rechargable         -> rechargeable
recide:             -> reside
reciding            -> residing
reciepents          -> recipients
reciept             -> receipt
receiev             -> receive
reciev              -> receive
recipiant           -> recipient
:reciv:             -> receive
recivership         -> receivership
recogise            -> recognise
recogize            -> recognize
recomend            -> recommend
recommedations      -> recommendations
recompence          -> recompense
reconaissance       -> reconnaissance
reconcilation       -> reconciliation
reconize            -> recognize
reconnaisance       -> reconnaissance
reconnaissence      -> reconnaissance
recontructed        -> reconstructed
recordproducer      -> record producer
recquired           -> required
recrational         -> recreational
recrod              -> record
recuiting           -> recruiting
recuring            -> recurring
recurrance          -> recurrence
rediculous          -> ridiculous
reedeming           -> redeeming
reenforced          -> reinforced
refect              -> reflect
refedendum          -> referendum
referal             -> referral
referece            -> reference
refered             -> referred
referemce           -> reference
referencs           -> references
referenece          -> reference
referiang           -> referring
refering            -> referring
refernce            -> reference
referrence          -> reference
referrs             -> refers
reffered            -> referred
refference          -> reference
reffering           -> referring
refrence            -> reference
refrers             -> refers
refridgeration      -> refrigeration
refridgerator       -> refrigerator
refromist           -> reformist
refusla             -> refusal
regardes            -> regards
regluar             -> regular
reguarly            -> regularly
regulaion           -> regulation
regulaotrs          -> regulators
regularily          -> regularly
rehersal            -> rehearsal
reicarnation        -> reincarnation
reigining           -> reigning
reknown             -> renown
relaly              -> really
relatiopnship       -> relationship
relativly           -> relatively
relected            -> reelected
releive             -> relieve
releses             -> releases
relevence           -> relevance
relevent            -> relevant
reliablity          -> reliability
relient             -> reliant
religeous           -> religious
religous            -> religious
relinqushment       -> relinquishment
relitavely          -> relatively
relpacement         -> replacement
remaing             -> remaining
remeber             -> remember
rememberable        -> memorable
rememberance        -> remembrance
remembrence         -> remembrance
remenant            -> remnant
remenicent          -> reminiscent
reminent            -> remnant
reminescent         -> reminiscent
reminscent          -> reminiscent
reminsicent         -> reminiscent
rendevous           -> rendezvous
rendezous           -> rendezvous
renewl              -> renewal
rennovate           -> renovate
rennovating         -> renovating
rennovation         -> renovation
rentors             -> renters
reorganision        -> reorganisation
repatition          -> repetition
repblic             -> republic
repectively         -> respectively
repeition           -> repetition
repentence          -> repentance
repentent           -> repentant
repeteadly          -> repeatedly
repetion            -> repetition
repid               -> rapid
repitition          -> repetition
reponse             -> response
reponsible          -> responsible
reportadly          -> reportedly
represantative      -> representative
representive        -> representative
reproducable        -> reproducible
reprot              -> report
reprtoire           -> repertoire
repsectively        -> respectively
reptition           -> repetition
repubic             -> republic
republian           -> republican
republis            -> republics
repulic             -> republic
requirment          -> requirement
requred             -> required
resaurant           -> restaurant
resembelance        -> resemblance
resembes            -> resembles
resemblence         -> resemblance
resevoir            -> reservoir
residental          -> residential
resignement         -> resignment
resistence          -> resistance
resistent           -> resistant
respectivly         -> respectively
responce            -> response
responibilities     -> responsibilities
responisble         -> responsible
responnsibilty      -> responsibility
responsability      -> responsibility
responsibile        -> responsible
responsibilites     -> responsibilities
responsiblities     -> responsibilities
responsiblity       -> responsibility
ressemblance        -> resemblance
ressemble:          -> resemble
ressembled          -> resembled
ressemblence        -> resemblance
ressembling         -> resembling
resssurecting       -> resurrecting
ressurect           -> resurrect
ressurrection       -> resurrection
restarant           -> restaurant
restaraunt          -> restaurant
restauration        -> restoration
restauraunt         -> restaurant
resteraunt          -> restaurant
resticted           -> restricted
restraunt           -> restaurant
resturant           -> restaurant
resturaunt          -> restaurant
resurecting         -> resurrecting
retalitated         -> retaliated
retalitation        -> retaliation
retreive            -> retrieve
returnd             -> returned
revaluated          -> reevaluated
reveiw              -> review
reveral             -> reversal
reversable          -> reversible
rewitten            -> rewritten
rewriet             -> rewrite
:rference           -> reference
rhymme              -> rhyme
rhythem             -> rhythm
rhythim             -> rhythm
rhytmic             -> rhythmic
rigeur              -> rigour
rigourous           -> rigorous
rininging           -> ringing
:rised              -> raised
rococco             -> rococo
rocord              -> record
roomate             -> roommate
rougly              -> roughly
rucuperate          -> recuperate
rudimentatry        -> rudimentary
rulle               -> rule
runing              -> running
runnung             -> running
rwite               -> write
rythem              -> rhythm
rythim              -> rhythm
sacrafice           -> sacrifice
sacreligious        -> sacrilegious
sacrifical          -> sacrificial
saftey              -> safety
safty               -> safety
salery              -> salary
sanctionning        -> sanctioning
sandwhich           -> sandwich
santioned           -> sanctioned
sargant             -> sergeant
sargeant            -> sergeant
satelite            -> satellite
saterday            -> Saturday
satisfactority      -> satisfactorily
satric              -> satiric
sattelite           -> satellite
saught              -> sought
saveing             -> saving
saxaphone           -> saxophone
scaleable           -> scalable
scaricity           -> scarcity
scavanged           -> scavenged
schedual            -> schedule
scholarhip          -> scholarship
scholarstic         -> scholastic
scientfic           -> scientific
scientifc           -> scientific
scince              -> science
scinece             -> science
scirpt              -> script
scoll               -> scroll
screenwrighter      -> screenwriter
scrutinity          -> scrutiny
scuptures           -> sculptures
seach               -> search
seceed              -> secede
secratary           -> secretary
secretery           -> secretary
sedereal            -> sidereal
seeked              -> sought
segementation       -> segmentation
seguoys             -> segues
seige               -> siege
seinor              -> senior
seldomly            -> seldom
senarios            -> scenarios
senstive            -> sensitive
sensure             -> censure
seperat             -> separat
sepina              -> subpoena
sergent             -> sergeant
sernedipity         -> serendipity
serendipiyt         -> serendipity
settelement         -> settlement
settlment           -> settlement
sevral              -> several
sevreal             -> several
severeal            -> several
severley            -> severely
severly             -> severely
sevice              -> service
sexaul              -> sexual
shadasloo           -> shadaloo
shaddow             -> shadow
shadoloo            -> shadaloo
shamen              -> shaman
sheild              -> shield
shineing            -> shining
shiped              -> shipped
shiping             -> shipping
shopkeeepers        -> shopkeepers
shorly              -> shortly
shortwhile          -> short while
shoudl              -> should
shouldnt            -> should not
shreak              -> shriek
shrinked            -> shrunk
:sicne              -> since
sideral             -> sidereal
sieze               -> seize
siezing             -> seizing
siezure             -> seizure
siginificant        -> significant
signficant          -> significant
signficiant         -> significant
signfies            -> signifies
signifantly         -> significantly
significently       -> significantly
signifigant         -> significant
signitories         -> signatories
signitory           -> signatory
similarily          -> similarly
similiar            -> similar
simmilar            -> similar
simpley             -> simply
simplier            -> simpler
simultanous         -> simultaneous
sincerley           -> sincerely
singel              -> single
singsog             -> singsong
skateing            -> skating
slaugterhouses      -> slaughterhouses
slighly             -> slightly
slippy              -> slippery
slowy               -> slowly
smealting           -> smelting
sneeks              -> sneaks
snese               -> sneeze
socalism            -> socialism
socities            -> societies
:socre              -> score
sofware             -> software
soilders            -> soldiers
solatary            -> solitary
soley               -> solely
soliders            -> soldiers
soliliquy           -> soliloquy
soluable            -> soluble
somene              -> someone
somtimes            -> sometimes
somwhere            -> somewhere
sophicated          -> sophisticated
sophmore            -> sophomore
sorceror            -> sorcerer
sorrounding         -> surrounding
sotry               -> story
sotyr               -> story
soudn               -> sound
sould               -> should
sountrack           -> soundtrack
sourth              -> south
souvenier           -> souvenir
:soveit:            -> soviet
sovereignity        -> sovereignty
soverign            -> sovereign
:speach             -> speech
specfic             -> specific
specifiying         -> specifying
speciman            -> specimen
spectauclar         -> spectacular
spectaulars         -> spectaculars
spectogram          -> spectrogram
spectum             -> spectrum
speices             -> species
spendour            -> splendour
spermatozoan        -> spermatozoon
spoace              -> space
sponser             -> sponsor
spontanous          -> spontaneous
sponzored           -> sponsored
spoonfulls          -> spoonfuls
sppeches            -> speeches
spreaded            -> spread
sprech              -> speech
spred               -> spread
spriritual          -> spiritual
spritual            -> spiritual
sqaure              -> square
stablility          -> stability
stainlees           -> stainless
staion              -> station
standars            -> standards
stange              -> strange
startegic           -> strategic
startegies          -> strategies
startegy            -> strategy
stateman            -> statesman
statememts          -> statements
statment            -> statement
steriods            -> steroids
sterotypes          -> stereotypes
stilus              -> stylus
stingent            -> stringent
stiring             -> stirring
stirrs              -> stirs
stlye               -> style
stomache            -> stomach
stong               -> strong
stopry              -> story
storeis             -> stories
storise             -> stories
stornegst           -> strongest
stoyr               -> story
stradegies          -> strategies
stradegy            -> strategy
straght             -> straight
stragiht            -> straight
stratagically       -> strategically
streemlining        -> streamlining
stregth             -> strength
strengh             -> strength
strengtened         -> strengthened
strenous            -> strenuous
strenuos            -> strenuous
strictist           -> strictest
strikely            -> strikingly
strnad              -> strand
structual           -> structural
structuer           -> structure
stubborness         -> stubbornness
stucture            -> structure
studdy              -> study
studing             -> studying
stuggling           -> struggling
sturcture           -> structure
sturctural          -> structural
subjudgation        -> subjugation
submachne           -> submachine
subpecies           -> subspecies
subsidary           -> subsidiary
subsiduary          -> subsidiary
subsquent           -> subsequent
substace            -> substance
substancial         -> substantial
substatial          -> substantial
substituded         -> substituted
substract           -> subtract
subtances           -> substances
subterranian        -> subterranean
suburburban         -> suburban
succceeded          -> succeeded
succcesses          -> successes
succedded           -> succeeded
succeded            -> succeeded
succeds             -> succeeds
succesful           -> successful
succesion           -> succession
succesive           -> successive
successfull         -> successful
successully         -> successfully
succsess            -> success
suceed              -> succeed
sucesful            -> successful
sucesion            -> succession
sucess:             -> success
sucide              -> suicide
sucidial            -> suicidal
sudent              -> student
sufferage           -> suffrage
sufferred           -> suffered
sufferring          -> suffering
sufficent           -> sufficient
sugest              -> suggest
sumary              -> summary
sunglases           -> sunglasses
superceeded         -> superseded
superintendant      -> superintendent
suphisticated       -> sophisticated
suplimented         -> supplemented
supose              -> suppose
suposing            -> supposing
supplamented        -> supplemented
suppliementing      -> supplementing
suppoed             -> supposed
supposingly         -> supposedly
suppy               -> supply
suprassing          -> surpassing
:supress            -> suppress
suprise             -> surprise
suprising           -> surprising
suprize             -> surprise
suprizing           -> surprising
surfce              -> surface
surley              -> surly
suround             -> surround
surplanted          -> supplanted
surpress            -> suppress
surprize            -> surprise
surprizing          -> surprising
surrended           -> surrendered
surrepetitious      -> surreptitious
surreptious         -> surreptitious
surronded           -> surrounded
surrouded           -> surrounded
surrouding          -> surrounding
surrundering        -> surrendering
surveilence         -> surveillance
surveill            -> surveil
surveyer            -> surveyor
surviver            -> survivor
survivied           -> survived
suseptable          -> susceptible
suseptible          -> susceptible
suspention          -> suspension
swaer               -> swear
swepth              -> swept
swiming             -> swimming
symetric            -> symmetric
symetry             -> symmetry
symettric           -> symmetric
symmetral           -> symmetric
symmetricaly        -> symmetrically
syncronization      -> synchronization
synonomous          -> synonymous
synonymns           -> synonyms
synphony            -> symphony
sypmtoms            -> symptoms
syrap               -> syrup
sysmatically        -> systematically
sytem               -> system
sytle               -> style
:szie               -> size
tabacco             -> tobacco
talekd              -> talked
targetted           -> targeted
targetting          -> targeting
tatoo               -> tattoo
tattooes            -> tattoos
taxanomic           -> taxonomic
taxanomy            -> taxonomy
techician           -> technician
techiniques         -> techniques
technitian          -> technician
technnology         -> technology
technolgy           -> technology
telelevision        -> television
televsion           -> television
telphony            -> telephony
temerature          -> temperature
tempalte            -> template
temparate           -> temperate
temperarily         -> temporarily
temperment          -> temperament
tempertaure         -> temperature
temperture          -> temperature
temprary            -> temporary
tenacle             -> tentacle
tendacy             -> tendency
tendancies          -> tendencies
tendancy            -> tendency
tennisplayer        -> tennis player
tepmorarily         -> temporarily
terrestial          -> terrestrial
terriories          -> territories
terriory            -> territory
territorist         -> terrorist
territoy            -> territory
terroist            -> terrorist
testiclular         -> testicular
testomony           -> testimony
theather            -> theater
theese              -> these
theif               -> thief
theives             -> thieves
themselfs           -> themselves
themslves           -> themselves
therafter           -> thereafter
therby              -> thereby
:theri              -> their
therfore            -> therefore
:the:the:           -> the
thgat               -> that
:thier              -> their
thign               -> thing
thigsn              -> things
thikn               -> think
thiunk              -> think
thnig               -> thing
thoughout           -> throughout
threatend           -> threatened
threatning          -> threatening
threee              -> three
thresold            -> threshold
threshhold          -> threshold
thrid               -> third
throrough           -> thorough
throughly           -> thoroughly
:throught           -> thought
througout           -> throughout
:thsoe              -> those
tihkn               -> think
timeschedule        -> time schedule
timne               -> time
tiome               -> time
tkaes               -> takes
tkaing              -> taking
tlaking             -> talking
tobbaco             -> tobacco
todya               -> today
toghether           -> together
tolerence           -> tolerance
tolkein             -> Tolkien
tomatos             -> tomatoes
tommorow            -> tomorrow
tommorrow           -> tomorrow
tongiht             -> tonight
tormenters          -> tormentors
tornadoe            -> tornado
torpeados           -> torpedoes
torpedos            -> torpedoes
tortise             -> tortoise
:tothe              -> to the
toubles             -> troubles
tounge              -> tongue
tourch              -> torch
towords             -> towards
towrad              -> toward
tradionally         -> traditionally
traditionaly        -> traditionally
traditionnal        -> traditional
traditition         -> tradition
tradtionally        -> traditionally
trafic              -> traffic
tranform            -> transform
tranpose            -> transpose
transcripting       -> transcription
transending         -> transcending
transfered          -> transferred
transfering         -> transferring
transformaton       -> transformation
transistion         -> transition
translater          -> translator
transmissable       -> transmissible
transporation       -> transportation
trigered            -> triggered
triguered           -> triggered
triology            -> trilogy
troling             -> trolling
truely              -> truly
trustworthyness     -> trustworthiness
:turth              -> truth
:tution             -> tuition
twelth              -> twelfth
typcial             -> typical
typicaly            -> typically
tyranies            -> tyrannies
tyrany              -> tyranny
tyrranies           -> tyrannies
tyrrany             -> tyranny
ubiquitious         -> ubiquitous
:uesd:              -> used
udpate              -> update
ultimely            -> ultimately
unacompanied        -> unaccompanied
unahppy             -> unhappy
unanymous           -> unanimous
unathorised         -> unauthorised
unbeknowst          -> unbeknownst
unbeleivable        -> unbelievable
unchallengable      -> unchallengeable
unconfortability    -> discomfort
uncontitutional     -> unconstitutional
understoon          -> understood
undoubtely          -> undoubtedly
undreground         -> underground
unequalities        -> inequalities
unforseen           -> unforeseen
unforetunately      -> unfortunately
unforgetable        -> unforgettable
unforgiveable       -> unforgivable
unfortunatley       -> unfortunately
unfortunatly        -> unfortunately
unfourtunately      -> unfortunately
unihabited          -> uninhabited
unilateraly         -> unilaterally
unilatreal          -> unilateral
uninterruped        -> uninterrupted
unqiue              -> unique
univeral            -> universal
univeristies        -> universities
univeristy          -> university
univerity           -> university
universtiy          -> university
univesities         -> universities
univesity           -> university
unkown              -> unknown
unlikey             -> unlikely
unmistakeably       -> unmistakably
unoffical           -> unofficial
unoperational       -> nonoperational
unoticeable         -> unnoticeable
unprecendented      -> unprecedented
unprecidented       -> unprecedented
unrepetant          -> unrepentant
unrepetent          -> unrepentant
unsubstanciated     -> unsubstantiated
untranslateable     -> untranslatable
unuseable           -> unusable
unusuable           -> unusable
unviersity          -> university
upgradded           -> upgraded
:usally             -> usually
useage              -> usage
usefull             -> useful
usefuly             -> usefully
useing              -> using
usualy              -> usually
ususally            -> usually
vaccum              -> vacuum
vacinity            -> vicinity
vaguaries           -> vagaries
vaieties            -> varieties
vailidty            -> validity
valuble             -> valuable
valueable           -> valuable
varations           -> variations
varient             -> variant
variey              -> variety
varing              -> varying
varities            -> varieties
varity              -> variety
vasall              -> vassal
vegatarian          -> vegetarian
vegitable           -> vegetable
vegtable            -> vegetable
vehicule            -> vehicle
venemous            -> venomous
vengance            -> vengeance
vengence            -> vengeance
verfication         -> verification
verison             -> version
vermillion          -> vermilion
versitilaty         -> versatility
versitlity          -> versatility
verticies           -> vertices
vetween             -> between
vigilence           -> vigilance
vigourous           -> vigorous
:villian            -> villain
villification       -> vilification
villify             -> vilify
villin              -> villain
vincinity           -> vicinity
violentce           -> violence
virtualy            -> virtually
virutal             -> virtual
visable             -> visible
visably             -> visibly
visting             -> visiting
vistors             -> visitors
vitories            -> victories
volcanoe            -> volcano
voleyball           -> volleyball
volontary           -> voluntary
volonteer           -> volunteer
volounteer          -> volunteer
volumne             -> volume
vreity              -> variety
vriety              -> variety
vulnerablility      -> vulnerability
warantee            -> warranty
wardobe             -> wardrobe
warrent             -> warrant
warrriors           -> warriors
wayword             -> wayward
weaponary           -> weaponry
weild               -> wield
wendsay             -> Wednesday
wensday             -> Wednesday
wereabouts          -> whereabouts
whant               -> want
whcih               -> which
wheras              -> whereas
wherease            -> whereas
whereever           -> wherever
wherre              -> where
whihc               -> which
whlch               -> which
wholey              -> wholly
wholy               -> wholly
whther              -> whether
widesread           -> widespread
widht               -> width
wierd               -> weird
wihch               -> which
wille               -> will
willk               -> will
willingless         -> willingness
wirting             -> writing
withdrawl           -> withdrawal
witheld             -> withheld
withh               -> with
withing             -> within
withold             -> withhold
witht               -> with
wiull               -> will
wnated              -> wanted
wnats               -> wants
wohle               -> whole
wokring             -> working
wonderfull          -> wonderful
wordlwide           -> worldwide
worls               -> world
worstened           -> worsened
woudl               -> would
:wriet              -> write
writen              -> written
wroet               -> wrote
wroking             -> working
wupport             -> support
yaerly              -> yearly
:yaers              -> years
yatch               -> yacht
yearm               -> year
:yeasr              -> years
yeild               -> yield
:yeras              -> years
:yersa              -> years
youself             -> yourself
zeebra              -> zebra
abvove              -> above
acurate             -> accurate
acutally            -> actually
aganist:            -> against
agianst             -> against
ahppn               -> happen
:alot:              -> a lot
apeice              -> apiece
:asthe              -> as the
availalbe           -> available
cacheing            -> caching
cauhgt              -> caught
cieling             -> ceiling
clasic              -> classic
cosnt               -> const
dervied             -> derived
desicion            -> decision
didnot              -> did not
dyanmic             -> dynamic
elpased             -> elapsed
embeded             -> embedded
encypt              -> encrypt
excecut:            -> execut
failse              -> false
fales               -> false
fasle               -> false
flase               -> false
fraciton            -> fraction
freind              -> friend
fromthe             -> from the
heigth              -> height
inclued             -> include
indeces             -> indices
indecies            -> indices
indicies            -> indices
insted              -> instead
interator           -> iterator
invliad             -> invalid
learnign            -> learning
likly               -> likely
listner             -> listener
looup               -> lookup
macthing            -> matching
maintence           -> maintenance
manefist            -> manifest
mesage              -> message
namesapce           -> namespace
namespcae           -> namespace
nulltpr             -> nullptr
operaotr            -> operator
overide             -> override
ovveride            -> override
peolpe              -> people
poeple              -> people
poitner             -> pointer
posess              -> possess
proeprty            -> property
propery             -> property
releated            -> related
resutl              -> result
retrun              -> return
retun:              -> return
reuslt              -> result
reutrn              -> return
satisifed           -> satisfied
scheduel            -> schedule
sequnce             -> sequence
singed              -> signed
somehwat            -> somewhat
stirng              -> string
strign              -> string
swithc              -> switch
swtich              -> switch
teamplate           -> template
throught:           -> thought
:ture               -> true
unsupress           -> unsuppress
vitual              -> virtual
accordingto         -> according to
actualyl            -> actually
addictional         -> additional
additinal           -> additional
advanage            -> advantage
affraid             -> afraid
afterthe            -> after the
agreemeent          -> agreement
agreemnet           -> agreement
allwasy             -> always
allwyas             -> always
almots              -> almost
alraedy             -> already
alreday             -> already
alwats              -> always
andone              -> and one
:andt:he:           -> and the
:anothe:            -> another
appeares            -> appears
applyed             -> applied
appointiment        -> appointment
approrpiate         -> appropriate
approrpriate        -> appropriate
asdvertising        -> advertising
assistent           -> assistant
atention            -> attention
attentioin          -> attention
authetication       -> authentication
balence             -> balance
ballance            -> balance
beacause            -> because
becausea            -> because a
becauseof           -> because of
becausethe          -> because the
becauseyou          -> because you
becomming           -> becoming
becuse              -> because
beginining          -> beginning
behabviour          -> behaviour
behaivior           -> behaviour
beleiev             -> believe
beutiful            -> beautiful
brodcast            -> broadcast
butthe              -> but the
caharcter           -> character
calcullated         -> calculated
candidtae           -> candidate
caontains           -> contains
capabilites         -> capabilities
categiory           -> category
chaneg              -> change
changeing           -> changing
changng             -> changing
charecter           -> character
charector           -> character
colection           -> collection
comanies            -> companies
comapnies           -> companies
combintation        -> combination
commadn             -> command
committy            -> committee
comntain            -> contain
compleated          -> completed
compleatly          -> completely
compleatness        -> completeness
completly           -> completely
completness         -> completeness
complteted          -> completed
composate           -> composite
compteted           -> completed
comtain             -> contain
comunicate          -> communicate
comunity            -> community
condersider         -> consider
condolances         -> condolences
conferance          -> conference
configration        -> configuration
confirmmation       -> confirmation
conjuntion          -> conjunction
considerit:         -> considerate
considerite         -> considerate
conspiricy          -> conspiracy
consultent          -> consultant
consumeable         -> consumable
contitions          -> conditions
controlable         -> controllable
cooparate           -> cooperate
cooporate           -> cooperate
corproation         -> corporation
corrospond          -> correspond
corruptable         -> corruptible
cotten              -> cotton
couldthe            -> could the
ctaegory            -> category
cusotmer            -> customer
cutsomer            -> customer
danceing            -> dancing
dcument             -> document
deatils             -> details
definded            -> defined
deptartment         -> department
determin:           -> determine
develeopr           -> developers
devellop            -> develop
developor           -> developer
devloped            -> developed
diaplay             -> display
difefrent           -> different
diferences          -> differences
differance          -> difference
differant           -> different
differemt           -> different
directer            -> director
directiosn          -> direction
discoverd           -> discovered
disign              -> design
dispaly             -> display
dissonent           -> dissonant
distribusion        -> distribution
divsion             -> division
docuement           -> documents
docuemnt            -> document
documetn            -> document
documnet            -> document
doese               -> does
doimg               -> doing
doind               -> doing
dollers             -> dollars
driveing            -> driving
enahancement        -> enhancement
enought:            -> enough
equivalant          -> equivalent
especally           -> especially
espesially          -> especially
exchagne            -> exchange
excitment           -> excitement
exhcange            -> exchange
experienc:          -> experience
exprience           -> experience
faeture             -> feature
familair            -> familiar
familar             -> familiar
fammiliar           -> familiar
fifith              -> fifth
finnally            -> finally
foloowing           -> following
forthe:             -> for the
forwrd              -> forward
fromt:he            -> from the
furneral            -> funeral
gemeral             -> general
gerneral            -> general
geting              -> getting
gettin:             -> getting
gievn               -> given
giveing             -> giving
gloabl              -> global
gruop               -> group
guidlines           -> guidelines
hadbeen             -> had been
hasbeen             -> has been
havebeen            -> have been
haveing             -> having
hearign             -> hearing
heire               -> he-ire
helpdesk            -> help-desk
helpfull            -> helpful
herat               -> heart
:hesaid             -> he said
:hewas              -> he was
hiten               -> hitting
hitten              -> hitting
howerver            -> however
:htese              -> these
hwich               -> which
identifiy           -> identify
identofy            -> identify
imediate:           -> immediate
imediatly           -> immediately
impilies            -> implies
implemenation       -> implementation
importent           -> important
importnat           -> important
improvemnt          -> improvement
includ:             -> include
indecate            -> indicate
indenpendent        -> independent
indepedent          -> independent
influance           -> influence
informatoin         -> information
instaleld           -> installed
inteh               -> in the
interum             -> interim
inthe               -> in the
inturn              -> in turn
invitaion           -> invitation
invstigated         -> investigated
inwhich             -> in which
isthe               -> is the
ititial             -> initial
itnerest            -> interest
itwas               -> it was
ivestigative        -> investigative
jugment             -> judgment
knowldge            -> knowledge
knwon               -> known
knwos               -> knows
konwn               -> known
konws               -> knows
languange           -> language
lastyear            -> last year
librarry            -> library
librery             -> library
lieutenent          -> lieutenant
litttle             -> little
liveing             -> living
lookign             -> looking
makeing             -> making
merchent            -> merchant
necassarily         -> necessarily
necassary           -> necessary
negotiaing          -> negotiating
occurrance          -> occurrence
oeprator            -> operator
ofits               -> of its
ofthe               -> of the
ohter               -> other
onepoint            -> one point
:onthe:             -> on the
opcode              -> op-code
operaror            -> operator
oppasite            -> opposite
opperation          -> operation
oppertunity         -> opportunity
opposate            -> opposite
opposible           -> opposable
opposit:            -> opposite
oppotunities        -> opportunities
oppotunity          -> opportunity
orginization        -> organization
originial:          -> original
orignal:            -> original
:outof:             -> out of
overthe:            -> over the
owuld               -> would
oxident             -> oxidant
papaer              -> paper
partof              -> part of
paymetn             -> payment
pciture             -> picture
percentof           -> percent of
percentto           -> percent to
perminent           -> permanent
perscriptions       -> prescriptions
personalyl          -> personally
porblem             -> problem
porvide             -> provide
postition           -> position
potentialy          -> potentially
prefure             -> prefer
pregnent            -> pregnant
prelease            -> release
presance            -> presence
privleged           -> privileged
problesm            -> problems
proctetion          -> protection
protction           -> protection
protoge             -> protege
psoition            -> position
ptogress            -> progress
:puting             -> putting
:quater             -> quarter
:quesion            -> question
questioms           -> questions
questiosn           -> questions
questoin            -> question
:quetion            -> question
:raidus             -> radius
regardsless         -> regardless
regession           -> regression
regresion           -> regression
relize              -> realize
reloacted           -> relocated
reltaed             -> related
reluctent           -> reluctant
reommend            -> recommend
representativs      -> representatives
represetned         -> represented
represnt            -> represent
reserach            -> research
resollution         -> resolution
resorces            -> resources
respomd             -> respond
respomse            -> response
responsable         -> responsible
restuarant          -> restaurant
reult               -> result
:rumers             -> rumors
runnning            -> running
:rythm:             -> rhythm
:saidhe             -> said he
:saidit             -> said it
:saidthat           -> said that
:saidthe            -> said the
scedule             -> schedule
securtiy            -> security
selectoin           -> selection
sentance            -> sentence
separeate           -> separate
sercumstances       -> circumstances
serveral            -> several
shcool              -> school
shesaid             -> she said
showinf             -> showing
signifacnt          -> significant
simalar             -> similar
simpilified         -> simplified
simpyl              -> simply
sincerly            -> sincerely
sitll               -> still
soical              -> social
someting            -> something
somewaht            -> somewhat
somthing            -> something
specificaly         -> specifically
stnad               -> stand
strentgh            -> strength
:stroy:             -> story
struggel            -> struggle
strugle             -> struggle
studnet             -> student
substitued          -> substituted
successfuly         -> successfully
sucessfull          -> successful
sufficiant          -> sufficient
suppossed           -> supposed
talior              -> tailor
talkign             -> talking
tecnical            -> technical
terminiated         -> terminated
termoil             -> turmoil
tghis               -> this
thansk              -> thanks
thatthe             -> that the
thecompany          -> the company
thefirst            -> the first
thegovernment       -> the government
thenew              -> the new
thesame             -> the same
thetwo              -> the two
thisyear            -> this year
tiogether           -> together
togehter            -> together
tomorow             -> tomorrow
tonihgt             -> tonight
totaly              -> totally
truley              -> truly
tyhat               -> that
udnerstand          -> understand
:undert:he          -> under the
unliek              -> unlike
unregistared        -> unregistered
vulnerible          -> vulnerable
wethee              -> whether
willbe:             -> will be
windoes             -> windows
witha:              -> with a
wouldbe             -> would be
writting            -> writing
wuould              -> would
youare              -> you are